In the last lectures we made a huge progress.
We're now having a working recipe page here where we can click new recipe and we actually submit our
own form but we don't do anything with the form and that has a reason it's not complete.
Our form isn't finished.
We don't have any new ingredients for our recipe but certainly a recipe without ingredients is not that
useful.
So let's work on this now.
Let's see how you could approach this.
It all starts in the template.
And he added recipe template here.
I want to output my ingredients and once you put them dynamically I will do this below this iron list
here.
I will start by adding a button where I say manage ingredients because actually by clicking this button
I want to open up this action see each sheet you saw and Demo these menus sliding up from the bottom
which allows you to well dynamically ever add a new ingredient or delete all existing ingredients.
Therefore this pattern will be of tight buttons so that it doesn't submit the form when you click it.
I also want to apply this clear style to have no background and no border and very important.
We need to add the on button directive to make it look nice.
Also make it of type block so that it's nicely centered spanning across the full width.
So this is my button here and this button is nice to have that doesn't do anything as of now.
So let's add a click listener here and execute on manage ingredients method and put this up over multiple
lines so that again it's a bit easier to read and to understand.
This method doesn't exist yet.
We're going to add it soon before adding it or add another and list below the button where I actually
don't want to store the ingredients we added.
Notice that we're still inside the form and that's important because it will be part of this for.
In this iron list I want to have iron items and I will use N-G for to replicate this where each line
item is input with I on label which should say name the name of the ingredient and ion input.
You could also add multiple items to the list to have each ingredient also have a mount.
Or you could use a grid or something to position to next to each other name an amount whatever you like.
I'll stick to the name so simply for simplicity reasons.
I'll assume that each ingredient is only needed once to keep this a bit simpler.
So there's just a name and the input of the course should then store this name or city should allow
the user to enter this name so it will be of type text and I'll come back to the rest of this configuration
and how to synchronize it with our form later.
Does the template part for our ingredients part of this form it's not finished but it's all we can do
for now.
The next step leads to the typescript file.
Well we need to kind of dynamically create our ingredients and the first step is to hook up does manage
ingredients button to present us with a choice of what we actually want to do.
Let's start working on this in the next lecture.